Welcome to Concord.
I don't know about you, but I'm glad to be here.
And I'm Derek.
If I haven't met you yet, I look forward to getting to know you over the next period of time.
And I'm excited to serve as the interim senior pastor here.
God's been at work at Concord for a long time.
And most recently, under the leadership of Pastor Levi, and we're just grateful to God for all that he, God has been doing.
I look forward to serving during this period of time, and then as God brings the next man to lead Concordia Senior Pastor.
So I'm grateful to God to be here.
So on all of our campuses and streaming online, we're glad that you're here.
Whether today's your very first time, or you've been here all your life.
Welcome to Concord, we're glad you're here.
You can go ahead and open your Bibles if you'd like to Joshua chapter one, and we're gonna get there in a moment.
But as we begin today, I'd like to share a couple of things about me and about even the way I approach teaching God's Word that you may already pick up on, but just some things so you can know a little bit more about me and how God's wired me and how I approach life.
In terms of my walk with Christ, a couple of things are really important to me that you'll figure out is, number one, it's profound, but it's simple faith in Jesus.
That, I mean, has changed my life.
I believe that He died for me and rose again and by grace I've been saved through faith.
And so it's not complicated, it's simple, it's powerful, and it's life changing, eternity changing.
And I believe it's available for everyone who will believe.
My God has changed my life.
And so a simple faith in Christ that fuels me.
And it's a deep commitment to just literally reading the Bible and do what it says.
So it's that kind of approach that I have in life.
And I pray that perhaps it's that way for you as well, that you're faith in Christ and then read the Bible and do what it says.
And boy, I know when I can keep those two things right, then everything's right with the way I live my life and follow the Lord.
So that's sort of a little bit about me and just the approach I take in life in general.
And then in terms of teaching God's Word, there's sort of three things I always think about.
And try to describe it this way.
And again, maybe you've already picked up on these or maybe you'll see over, you know, today and the next few weeks and et cetera.
And number one is this, whenever I teach God's Word and preach God's Word, number one, I always say to myself, I want to be biblical, right?
I want you to leave at the end of the message going, that's exactly what the Bible said.
Because I really don't think I can say things anything better than God can.
And so if the message is biblical, then you have heard from the Lord.
So the first place I always start is the message doesn't need to be clever.
It doesn't need to be Derek's opinion, it needs to be.
This is what God's word says.
So I hope that every time you leave, and I pray this will be true of all of our groups, small groups, big groups, all of our meetings, but when we're teaching God's word, it would say,
biblical, so be biblical.
Number two, be relevant.
That's always in my mind, be relevant.
The Bible is not just written to be history book or to tell us how God interacted with people years ago.
The Bible is meant to be relevant to our lives today.
We should be able to read the Bible and go, ah, this is how it should be played out in my life.
This is how I apply the Bible to my daily life.
Now,
I recognize at the end of any Bible study or any message or even when you're just reading the Bible, you have a choice to make.
You may say, this is how God's word applies to my life.
You may choose not to do that.
But at least you've been confronted with, this is how to apply it to my life.
And so my prayer is that at the end of each message you would go, yeah, there's at least one thing that I heard in that message is like, that makes sense in my life.
could apply, and perhaps even if God stirs in your heart, I should apply this to my life.
And then the third one is this.
Don't be boring.
It's a philosophy I have of teaching a Bible and preaching.
I don't think God is boring.
I don't think the Bible is boring.
So if the sermon is boring, it's not God's fault.
It's my fault.
If your Bible study is boring, it's not God's fault.
You get to work on how you're presenting the message.
And so my prayer is that you don't come to be entertained, but I pray that in a way that is biblical, relevant, and not boring that God would speak to our hearts each week.
Okay.
Today's text, Joshua chapter one, we're gonna talk about how do you hold on
to God's promises.
God has been working at Concord through the years.
And there's some things He has been doing as a congregation to say, we are trusting in the Lord to help us to expand His kingdom, to pray that He would work in our lives.
Guys, one of the things that I'm praying during this interim period is that each of you would grow spiritually in your faith.
I pray that there will be tremendous growth in your life spiritually, personally, during this next period of time.
I don't sense from anyone that anybody's planning to back up.
Everybody's planning to personally move forward, but also in our church and our ministries, men that we move forward and continue to serve the Lord and then also
on all of our campuses that we would see growth.
I mean, literally more people coming to the churches and to the church as God reaches more people and even through our mission efforts at greater impact around the world.
And so as we see that, we're holding on to God's promises because some people are maybe where the children of Israel will give the context of this passage and then read it.
Maybe you're where the children of Israel were on this day.
They're at the edge of the promised land.
And the promised land represents victorious Christian living.
It's their next step of faith.
It's a big step of faith.
And it's a place of God's blessing, a place of God's just doing amazing work in and through them.
And you're at that kind of a place.
The children of Israel had come out of Egypt through the Red Sea.
Those are some amazing miracles.
Then there had this 40 year wandering in the wilderness.
That was pretty bad.
Although there were some miracles in that as well.
But now they're right on the edge.
And man, God, what are you going to do next?
God's promises, holding on to God's promises.
Let's read Joshua.
Please stay with me, please.
For the reading of God's Word, Joshua chapter one, and I'm going to read verses one through nine.
After the death of Moses, the Lord's servant, the Lord spoke to Joshua, son of none, Moses' assistant.
He said, Moses, my servant is dead.
Now you and all the people prepared to cross over the Jordan to the land I'm given to the Israelites.
I have given you every place where you were the soul of your foot treads.
Just as I promised Moses, your territory will be from the wilderness
11 onto the Great River, the Euphrates River, all the land of the Hittites, and west to the Mediterranean Sea.
No one will be able to stand against you as long as you live.
I will be with you.
Just as I was with Moses, I will not leave you or abandon you.
Be strong and courageous.
For you will distribute the land I swore to their fathers to give them as an inheritance.
Above all, be strong and very courageous.
to observe carefully the whole instruction that my servant Moses commanded you.
Do not turn from it to the right or to the left so that you will have success wherever you go.
This book of instruction must not depart from your mouth.
You are to meditate on it day and night so that you may carefully observe everything written in it.
For then you will prosper and succeed in whatever you do.
Heaven I commanded you be strong and courageous
Do not be afraid or discouraged for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.
Let's pray together.
Thank you Lord for your word.
Thank you Father for speaking to us through your word.
Thank you for your Holy Spirit who helps us to understand the word.
Thank you Father for the Holy Spirit who helps us to understand how to apply your word to our lives.
And so I pray today for each one of us that our prayer would be Lord let me hear your word.
And then we respond with faith and obedience to what you're calling me to do.
Because Father, we don't want to just be here as the Word, but we want to hear it and do what it says.
So Father, lead us all this day in Jesus' name we pray, amen.
So college students, high school students, middle school students, are faced always with choices.
They've got all these friends that are not walking with the Lord, or maybe they've got
classmates, maybe their close friends are walking with the Lord, but they had classmates and there's a lot of pressure around them to not do things God's way.
There's pressure of, you know, language that would not be honored to the Lord.
There's pressure of, I mean, everything from the way you treat people, not in a Godly way.
There's pressure in the classroom to bend the rules, to cheat, to do things that would cause them to get good grades, but not really be honest.
There's relationships and there's pressure in those relationships to do things the world's way rather than the holiness and purity of God's way.
And so the question is, how do we help students to understand, man, when you hold on to God's principles and God's promises, that will lead to life and blessing and success and being right where God wants you to be.
Adults, we have pressure every day.
pressure in relationships, pressure in friendships.
Teenagers, you may not know this.
Peer pressure doesn't stop when you graduate from high school.
I know 70 year old men who still bow to peer pressure all the time.
So how do we make sure all of us, each one of us, that we are holding on to God's promises?
That his way is the right way.
I mean, there may be challenges for you.
The children of Israel had come out of Egypt.
And in Egypt, there was all sorts of ungodliness and worldliness and things that were not honored to God.
And yet God had delivered them from that sinful place, and God had brought them then through the Red Sea, and God had sustained them in the wilderness, and God was about to lead them to a place that they would see His blessings just poured out.
But how do they know they could really believe that everything he said was true and that doing things his way was the right way?
I want to show you four things in this text this morning.
Number one, we're going to hold on to God's promises.
Four things from this text that we need to know.
Number one, the Lord speaks.
God talks.
The Lord speaks.
I like the way that Charles Stanley says it.
The Lord doesn't speak with an audible voice.
He speaks much louder.
He speaks to our heart and to our mind.
God speaks.
The Bible says that the Lord spoke to Moses.
It says, in verse one, after the death of Moses, the Lord's servant, the Lord spoke to Joshua.
And later he says that just as I was with Moses and just as I promised Moses, the Lord spoke to Moses and we know some pretty amazing ways, right?
I mean, the Lord spoke to Moses
through a burning bush.
I don't know about you, but the Lord has never spoken to me through a burning bush.
I heard one guy say that, you know, in our day and age, if the Lord spoke to anybody through a burning bush, the problem with that in our day and age would be somebody then would figure a way to put that in a box and sell it.
Either at a store on TV,
And they would say, here's God in a box in a burning bush.
And they would try to sell that to you.
God spoke in that very unique way to get Moses' attention because he had a specific thing he wanted to do, but Moses knew it was God, and God spoke to him in that way.
God spoke to him on the mountain, right?
On Mount Sinai, when God spoke and said, here's the law, the 10 commandments and the whole law.
And God spoke clearly, and he spoke to Moses, and Moses knew what he said, and it was the,
kinds of things that everybody resume with says, yes, this is the word of the Lord.
But God spoke to Moses in his heart and his mind, and God spoke to Moses.
Nobody questioned that, right?
The problem for the Israelites on this day, the day we're talking about in our taxes, Moses has died.
And so they had a bit of a crisis of belief.
Could God speak to anybody else?
Now we, through the lens of Jesus,
death and resurrection.
We through the recorded Word of God, having the 66 books written down, we can look back and go, well, of course God was going to continue to speak.
But on that day, they weren't really sure.
And Joshua who had this mentor Moses, this leader, how could he know that God was going to continue to speak?
But the Lord spoke to Moses and the Lord spoke to Joshua.
And he continued in this passage, we see some of the things that he said to Joshua.
But let me ask you, do you believe that God spoke to Moses?
Yes or no?
Yes.
Did God speak to Joshua?
Does God speak to us today?
Yes.
God speaks, I love the way that Dr. Blackaby says it in Experiencing God, Bible study.
In book, he says, God speaks most regularly by the Holy Spirit in four specific ways.
And one of those is through the Bible.
So you asked, how does God speak to me today?
God speaks through His Word.
So every time you read God's Word, I've got good news to you.
God is speaking directly to you.
And so I ask you, right off the bat, you know, where are you in terms of your relationship to the Bible?
In other words, do you have the daily discipline, a habit of reading God's Word?
I was talking to a young man a while ago, and he was going through a very difficult time.
His father had done some illegal activities, and so his father was in prison.
This kid was at a crisis of faith, trying to figure out, he didn't even really know if he knew God, didn't know if he knew Jesus as his personal Lord and Savior.
I shared the gospel with him, and I also shared with him, I said, listen, you really need to read the Bible.
And to pray.
And so I actually encouraged him.
He had not read the Bible ever in his life.
He had gone to church, but had never like literally just picked up his Bible at home and just read it.
And I said, I challenge you just to take a little bit and read the Gospel of John.
That's why I encourage him to start.
So the next time we got back together, just a few weeks later, I said, hey, how's everything going?
I mean, his dad was still in prison.
And so that was difficult.
And I said, well, what has God been saying to you through his word?
What has God been saying to you?
I think that's the way I ask the question.
And he says, well, I really haven't been getting the answers.
And I said, really?
And he said, well, I've been praying.
And I said, okay.
I said, well, but you've been reading the Bible?
He goes, no, I haven't been reading the Bible because I wanted God to speak directly to me.
And I said, I want you to see, when you read the Bible, God is speaking directly to you.
So many people miss that.
They think they're looking for God in a cloud, right?
They're looking for images of God or they're looking for an answer on a billboard or they're looking for an answer in some other thing.
I mean, are they going to see an image on a tree or something like that?
I mean, it's some crazy stuff sometimes people look for and God has so clearly written his word down for us to read.
I don't know what your pattern is.
A long time ago, the Lord convicted me that for my discipline and my walk with God, I needed to read through the Bible every year.
And so I have a regular pattern of reading through the Bible.
So it's a couple of chapters, three chapters a day about and to read through the Bible every year.
That keeps me grounded and focused and moving forward in my faith.
I don't know what yours is.
Maybe you read a verse a day or a chapter a day or a few verses a day.
Warren Wiersby says it this way, he says, if you want answers, the way you're gonna get the answers right on time is through the regular reading of God's Word.
And so I just challenge you, this may be the way of just applying this message to your life, you may say, I need to begin daily to read God's Word.
Because if you're gonna hold on to God's promises, you've got to know what they are and the Lord needs to speak to you and the Lord wants to speak to you and He will speak to you through His Word.
On the YouVersion app,
The Bible app and so many other apps, there are things that you're gonna get.
And so whether you're reading on a paper Bible, reading on your phone, reading God's Word, put God's Word in your heart.
Got it?
We need to allow God to speak to us, buy the Holy Spirit through the Bible.
God also does speak through prayer.
That's the second way God speaks to us very regularly.
God does speak to you through prayer.
And so as you talk to God and you listen to God, God speaks
But one of the things that you can know, God will always speak through prayer in line with his word.
God will never say something to you in prayer that he will conflict with his word.
So if you ever come to me or any of your Bible say leaders in the pastors and go, God told me to do something.
And it's like illegal and moral, ungodly, unbiblical.
And you say, God told me to do that.
I'm going to say, no, he didn't.
And I'm going to stand on God's word.
And so we say, God, I want you to speak to me in my heart through prayer.
And that was what that young man was looking for on that day when I was talking to him.
But that young man need to start with a daily dose of God's word so that even his prayers were transformed by the Word of God.
God speaks through the Bible, through prayer.
God also speaks through other believers.
when we're in a Bible study setting or a sermon or even a conversation with another believer, somebody who you're talking with may just say a word and they don't even know that they're giving you just a word from God's word that is really helpful for you to hold on to.
I mean, maybe you don't even say about a decision you're gonna make.
Maybe you're just talking about something and they say something or maybe you do say, I've got a decision to make.
What do you see in God's word?
that would help guide me.
And they speak that word from God's word from the Bible.
And it gives you guidance and direction.
It's why one of the reasons we say, a firm what the Bible says, it talks about where two or three are gathered, that their God is in the midst of them because the Bible says by the testimony of two or three witnesses, a manner shall be established.
What that practically means is,
You've got godly people together, whether in a grow group or community group, any kind of small group, an accountability group of friends, you can help to see God's word clearly to get guidance on your decisions.
So the Lord speaks by the Holy Spirit through the Bible, through prayer, through believers, and through circumstances.
God can speak through circumstances.
But again, those are always in line with His word.
And he's going to confirm them in so many ways through prayer, through other believers.
One example for my life, I don't have time to tell the whole story today, but when I was 17 years old, it was quite a few years ago, 31 years ago, during the summer, I had very simple arthroscopic surgery on my knee, had some knee cartilage issues, and it was just to clean out the cartilage so I could get back to football and basketball and baseball and keep playing.
But through that surgery somehow,
I was contracted a staff infection.
And it was localized on my knee.
Nasty, nasty.
Put me back in the hospital three weeks, three surgeries later, 30 pounds lighter.
I finally got out of the hospital.
I looked awful.
And I asked my parents, they were with me in the hospital for 24-7.
One of them was always there.
I asked my parents later, I'm like, did y'all think I was going to die?
And they said,
I actually know that doctors never thought you were going to die.
He said, but if the third surgery wouldn't have worked to get the infection out, they were going to have to remove your leg.
You're about to lose your leg.
I didn't realize it was that serious.
It was really, really serious.
But that circumstance, God used to speak to me in line with His word, and I'll tell you more about it later, to get me where He wanted me to be.
That's an example of a
That's sort of an extreme circumstance.
But through the big and the small circumstances of life, God can't speak to us.
But again, He always speaks in line with His word.
So the Lord speaks.
If we're going to hold on to God's promises, we must see that the Lord speaks and He speaks to us even today.
That's the point.
Number two, not only does the Lord speak, but the Lord makes bold promises.
For the children of Israel, some of the promises were grounded in their history.
The promise of, I've taken you and brought you out of Egypt through the Red Sea.
I've sustained you in the promised land.
I mean, I'm sorry, I've sustained you in the wilderness to get you to the promised land.
These bold promises, it was bold when he says I'm gonna get you out of Egypt.
Only God could have done that and through the power displayed in the plagues he did.
It was a bold promise to say, I'm gonna get you across the Red Sea.
and splitting the waters only as God could have done, He got them across the Red Sea.
In the wilderness, let me give you three words to think about about how bold God's promises were.
He promised them provision.
In the wilderness, how are you going to feed all those people?
There's not a McDonald's or a Subway or a grocery store on every corner in the wilderness.
God provided the food they needed, the water they needed to sustain them.
God provided even for things like
Their shoes did not wear out all those years of wandering the wilderness.
That was a miracle of God's provision and his sustaining.
He even provided, I've been to Israel and actually been to Northern Egypt as well.
And in Israel, there's actually this green plant that still grows to this day.
And this green plant, you take it on your hand and it's basically natural growing hand sanitizer.
It still grows there to this day.
And that would have been what they used to make sure they had cleanliness in the wilderness.
Pretty amazing stuff the way God provides.
And then also not only has God promised provision, but he promises protection.
He promises protection.
He promises them that he's going to protect them from their enemies in the future.
Just like he had protected them from the Egyptians.
Just how he had protected them in the wilderness with all of these
Nations that could have come against them in the wilderness.
The nations stayed away because of the reputation of the Lord and what He had done in Egypt and through them.
God protect them from their enemies.
But here's something I want us to see this true for us today.
Some of the enemies that they faced then are the same enemies we face now.
Their enemies like fear.
Their enemies like temptation.
Their enemies like
guilt.
They're enemies like getting stuck in regret.
Enemies like bitterness and unforgiveness and all these enemies that try to come against us, God gave them victory and He promised to give them victory and He will give you victory over them as well based in His Word.
These guys could have been afraid of their enemies, the Hittites and others that are mentioned here, but God was protecting them from their enemies.
And the Lord made a bold promise not only for provision and protection, but also
the promised land.
And the promised land was a land flow with milk and honey.
If you've been to Israel, boy, you know, like you can drop a seed in some parts of it and they just poom grows.
I mean, just pretty amazing, especially in the northern, the Galilee region, just amazing the way things grow there.
God, though, it's not just about the food.
This promised land represented victorious Christian living.
What Jesus says when he says, I've come that you may have life,
And have it abundantly.
This is what God gives us in Christ.
And God promises that He will give us that.
There's a victorious Christian living and we can stand on His promises.
So the Lord speaks, He makes these bold promises.
Thirdly, I want to see that the Lord keeps His word.
There's four phrases I want you to see in this text that are very clear to the Israelites and are powerful for us today as well.
The first one is this, this phrase.
The Lord keeps his word, he says in verse number five, I will be with you.
I'll be with you.
You go through a difficult time, the Lord is with you.
Your children, your grandchildren, they do things that are painful.
They're painful for you as a parent and a grandkid and as a grandparent.
And you begin to think, Lord,
Where are you?
And the Lord says, I'm with you.
I'm with you.
Jesus says in the Great Commission, as you go to make disciples of all nations, I will be with you to the very end of the age.
So as you advance God's kingdom, as you live for Christ at school and on your job and in your home and everywhere you go, the Lord is with you.
So the Lord speaks
He makes bold promises, provision, protection, victorious Christian living.
And he says, listen, I'm not just promising you that and go do it on your own.
He says, I am with you.
When Christ became your Lord and savior, the Holy Spirit became living inside of you and the Lord is with you everywhere that you go.
The Lord says, I will be with you.
But not only I'll be with you.
He says, takes a step further and says, I will not leave you or forsake you.
In verse number five, he says, I will never leave you.
I will not leave you or abandon you.
I will not leave you or forsake you.
Again, sometimes when you go through health challenges or financial crisis, it begins to feel like, God, you're so far away.
Have you left me and the Lord says, no, I haven't left you.
I am with you.
The Lord says, I will be with you.
I will not leave you or forsake you.
The Lord keeps his word.
He also says, I will show you
the way.
I will show you the way.
He tells them where they're to go.
He talks about going from the wilderness to Lebanon.
This is verse number four to the Great River, Euphrates, all the way to the Mediterranean Sea.
The Lord says, I will show you the way.
I won't show you where to live, I'll show you where to go.
And so for us as followers of Jesus, he's not talking about geographic land, although sometimes he does, right?
We actually understand this when we think about
Missionaries that they need to move from this location to the other parts of the world.
But do you know God doesn't just speak to pastors and missionaries that way?
God may speak to you and say, I want you to move to a new job.
I want you to move to a new community.
I want you to, so it can be geographic, but it's also, hey, on your daily, in your daily life, everywhere that you go, I will show you the way.
And so a simple prayer would be, Lord, lead and guide me today.
Show me where you want to go.
If I'm at the grocery store, I'll live for you.
If I'm at work, I'm at school, I'm at my home.
You will show me the way, but it's not only show me the way of where to go, but it's show me the way of how to live there and how to follow Jesus and how to respond with each situation.
I'll give you an example.
Maybe you're reading through Romans chapter 12.
And you say, you know what?
I've got somebody that hurt me.
And my natural reaction is to get them back.
Or like some people say, I don't get even.
I get ahead, right?
You know people that say it that way?
But the way of Christ says, I'm not going to do it that way.
If somebody offends me, I'm going to give it to the Lord.
Because the Lord says in Romans 12, do not seek revenge.
Do not seek to pay back.
Leave room for God in his wrath.
Because vengeance his mind says to the Lord.
So Romans 12 would guide us on showing us the way to respond to that situation.
That's an example of what we're talking about here.
God will show us the way.
And then fourthly, the Lord keeps his word.
He says, I will be with you.
I will not leave you for sake.
I will show you the way.
And fourthly, he says, I will fight your battles.
I will fight your battles.
I don't know what battles you're going to face this week.
I mean, maybe physical challenges, spiritual battles, financial challenges,
The Lord says, I will fight your battles.
That's what he says about them with the Hittites.
He says in verse six, I will give you as an inheritance.
The Lord is the one that's gonna fight the battles.
And in verse seven, he talks about this.
Where you go to the right to the left, I will give you success wherever you go.
The Lord is the one to fight your battles.
Because let's think about it.
Here's a couple ways you could approach challenges.
One you could say, God, there's these challenges before me.
I'm gonna really do my best.
And God, I'll let you know how it goes.
And you just try with all your strength.
Maybe there's somebody in your family that's really not loving.
It's hard to love them.
You could try with all your strength just to be very loving and you're gonna get worn out over time.
Or you can say, God, you have loved me so much.
You love me in Christ.
You put your Holy Spirit in with me.
You love me so much.
God, may I be an overflow of your love.
God, strengthen me and fill me and help me to see you loving people through me.
God's supply is unending and he will fight our battles.
He will be the one.
These are battles that affect our heart, our mind, these battles that we talked about.
I'll encourage you in this.
If you read through the book of songs and you see all the battles that David was fighting, it wasn't just the physical enemies.
It wasn't just people.
David was fighting the things we're talking about, the guilt, the fear, all these kinds of things, the unloving.
David was fighting these.
The Lord keeps his word.
I will fight your battles.
And then fourthly, the Lord tells us how to respond.
He tells us how to respond.
In verses six through nine, he says over and over.
Verse six, be strong and courageous.
Verse seven, be strong and very courageous.
And in verse nine, he says, haven't I commanded you?
Be strong and courageous.
You know why he kept telling Joshua that?
Because Joshua wasn't feeling very strong or courageous at all.
And God knew that.
Joshua needed a reminder and we do too.
Be strong and courageous, but not just again in our own strength, but we draw from the strength of the Lord.
And we say, God, you be my strength.
You give me courage.
Be strong and courageous.
And then secondly, the Lord tells us how to respond by living according to God's word.
Verse eight, this book of instruction must not depart from your mouth.
You are to meditate on it day and night so that you may carefully observe everything written in it.
You know what folks, it's gonna take me a lifetime to figure out how to obey everything written in this word.
But boy, it's a great challenge and a great privilege every day.
You may say, Derek, I don't really have a lot of time.
I don't have time to read the Bible and really think about it.
One pastor said it this way.
When you think about Facebook and Twitter, YouTube, Instagram,
Snapchat or your other favorite social media platforms.
Here's the way the pastor said it.
If social media teaches us anything, it teaches us we can't stand before God and say, God, I didn't have time to read the Bible.
And if we read the word, then we respond by doing what it says.
My prayer for all of us is that we will live our lives in accordance to God's Word.
So I don't know about you, how you need to respond.
Perhaps you need to make a fresh and a new commitment to read God's word and to live by it.
Maybe for some though, you say, I don't really have any desire to do that.
I would ask you, do you know Jesus as your Lord and savior?
Because if he is your Lord and savior, he'll give you a desire to read and to live by his word.
And so today, perhaps today for some of you needs to be the day of your salvation.
Would you bow with me in prayer as we close out this service in just a few minutes?
With heads bowed and eyes closed, I ask you, first of all, is Jesus the Lord and Savior of your life?
If he's not yet, then today we want to show you how that he can be your Lord and your Savior.
But secondly, I ask you, is your life committed to God's Word
Are you holding on to God's promises?
I don't know the situation you're going through, but God does, and he cares, and we care, and we want you to rest in his promises.
Trust in him and trust in his word.
So will you afresh in a new commit to God's word?
And again, today, if you need to receive Christ, will you receive Jesus?
as the Lord and Savior of your life.
Now here in this place, let me ask you.
Whether you're in this place, watching online one of our campuses even.
And you need to trust Jesus as your Lord and Savior.
Would you right now say, I'll do that.
I wanna do that, I need to do that.
If that's you, then in just a moment when we stand,
And we begin to sing, would you just come to me at one of our other pastors and say, today, I need to give my life to Christ.
Others of you, you may need to come and say, I need to be baptized very soon.
Others may say, I am ready to make Concord my church home.
We invite you to come for any of those reasons, salvation, baptism to join this church.
There may be others who need to make a commitment from where you're seated or even come and pray at the front here and say, I'm gonna make a commitment of fresh and anew to reading God's Word and to living my life by God's Word because His Word is our foundation.
So I'm gonna pray and we're gonna stand.
You respond how you're leading.
God's leading you to respond today.
Lord Jesus, we thank You for Your Word.
We want to always hold on to Your promises.
And we pray Father that you'd help each one of us to respond the way your leadness to respond today.
For salvation, baptism, church membership, or in other ways.
We love you.
Help us each now to be obedient to what you're calling us to do.
In Jesus' name we pray.
Amen.
Please stand if God's leading you to come.
You respond as He's leading you.